We're going to visit
BLINKs in other countries too,
so please wait a little more.
We'll be there very soon,
and we'll show you a great performance.
Wait a little, BLINKs.
BANGKOK
JAKARTA, HONGKONG
Welcome to the BLACKPINK 2019 World Tour
In Your Area, Jakarta!
-Hong Kong!
-Manila!
-Singapore!
-Macau!
-Kuala Lumpur!
-Taipei!
Most amazing humans that I have ever seen.
Like, I love them so much.
Our BLACKPINK has their own swag.
BLACKPINK! Welcome to LA!
Welcome to Texas!
-Welcome to Atlanta!
-Welcome to Canada!
Welcome to Fort Worth!
Welcome to Newark, BLACKPINK!
AMSTERDAM, MANCHESTER, LONDON, BERLIN
I just love seeing
how four young women are being themselves.
They are like role models to us.
-Yeah, we all want to be like BLACKPINK.
-Yeah.
MELBOURNE, SYDNEY
Hi Melbourne, I’m Rosé.
WELCOME HOME ROSIE
BANGKOK
Hello, I’m Lisa.
I’m so happy to be back here in Thailand.
All four of us, we did really really well,
and I'm very proud
of each and every one of us,
cause we went through a lot.
Like, I know you guys only see the stuff
that’s on stage but I feel like
we all go through so much
and I am very very proud…
Now I'm going to cry.
Everybody stop crying.
-Everyone's crying.
I’m a little shy,
but I want to tell everyone…
Thank you again so much, BLINKs.
We love you. Thank you so much.
We love you guys so much,
and we have so much more coming.
This is just the beginning for us.
We always love you guys. Thank you.
Pure…
Poetic…
Utmost Passionate…
Never Dying…
Tangible…
Forever young…
Unselfish…
You and me…
Desire…
ROSÉ
BLACKPINK THE MOVIE